the Treasury Department wants to ask
Congress for 500 billion dollars to send
out direct payments to individual
Americans starting next month it's part
of a 1 trillion dollar proposed stimulus
package meant to put money into the
economy which has been affected by the
corona virus pandemic Americans would
get two checks from the government under
this proposal one sent on April 6 and
one on May 18th each payment would be
the same amount according to the
proposal the amount individuals receive
would be based on their income and
family size the department is also
asking for fifty billion dollars for the
airline industry three hundred billion
dollars for small businesses and 150
billion for other critical sectors of
the US economy
earlier this week Republican senator
Mitt Romney proposed giving every
American adult a thousand dollars to
help people meet short-term financial
obligations his proposal includes grants
for small businesses other lawmakers
have proposed giving Americans thousands
more